hey guys welcome to my channel I know
you are struggling to learn new words in
English or in any language I know how it
feels when in a day you hear like dozens
of new words they come into your brain
and then they just get wiped away and
you never use them again I've learned
three foreign languages and I know how
it feels so today I'm going to talk
about methods that are going to help you
memorize the words and actually with
these methods you can learn thousands of
new words in a day so if you're
interested please continue watching this
video
method number one when you learn a new
word make sure that you've learned all
of the forms of it for example there are
some words in English that can be used
both as a noun which is an object as a
verb which is an action for example milk
yes
milk is a drink comes from a cow but to
milk is actually a verb and it means to
get milk out of a cow to milk seems
obvious and you've already known the
word milk but yay there is another
meaning so many words like that the most
obvious ones are for example love hope
kiss drive work and there are many many
more so you learned one word but you
actually learned two words number two
there are words that end with deep i/o
and for example ambition guess what in
many languages especially across Europe
and maybe South America they might sound
completely the same
for example ambition Spanish ambition
correct me if I'm wrong I've never
learned Spanish but I'm trying for you
guys I know there are a lot of Spanish
speakers watching ambition in German I'm
beat Sione in Italian basically these
words are gonna sound pretty much the
same other words that I can use
motivation motivation motivation
motivate seonil dissertation profession
portion intonation conventions sanction
and many many many other words write
down the list of them they're all gonna
be the same so the trick is all the
words that end with tion in English I'm
gonna sound pretty much the same in your
language number three oh my god is my
favorite whenever you learn a new word
google it first and go to the images
section you know why cuz sometimes
you're gonna see pictures that are gonna
remind you of characters or things
you've seen before and you've named
before and they're just the same as the
word that you're learning for example
spear which is a weapon hello Britney
Spears has the same last name and I've
actually used the word spear like
thousands of times in my life because
of Britney Spears another word is beetle
and beetle is the small bug that can
bite you that flies whatever a beetle
and the first thing that comes to my
mind and the Google will show you is New
Beetle car by Volkswagen the car this
small nice car you know that was this
computer game when I was like 10 2 years
old and you ran away from like police in
Chicago so they always used Volkswagen
New Beetle
and yes hello I've been using this word
for like hundreds of times in my life
another great example is Gosling and
Gosling is a baby goose and yes Ryan
Gosling hello Ryan baby goose you will
remember this forever method number four
what you need to remember is that words
in English have several meanings and
those meanings can be completely
different so make sure you learn at
least two or three of those meanings for
example the word - fire - fire means to
let somebody go for example an employee
you're fired
at the same time the noun fire you know
flames all of that if we talk about a
word date so to date means to go out
with a loved one or with the person
you're really fancy then a date itself
is a date itself is an action when you
go out with somebody you love date is
also this fruit or berry whatever they
sell a lot of them like a fig a date and
there is another meaning a date can be a
day in a calendar again you have like
this word but you actually have four
different words another example is to
miss and to miss miss miss miss bus when
you lost the bus it is gone when you
miss somebody you really want to see
them and miss is a girl so Miss marina
McGill go for example number five one of
the easiest ones because there are so
many words that sound pretty much the
same in every single language and you
don't even need to translate or adjust
them or whatever you just pronounce them
in an American Way or pronounce them in
a British way whatever you want to sound
for example aquarium in Russians video
in German it's at Washington and French
I don't know I don't know but you got
what I mean
other great examples are antidepressants
avocado caramel cocktails candle Oregon
is and I can go on and on it and that
would be like hundreds of words sound
exactly the same
as in many other languages and that's a
very important record yes another very
important rule when it comes to learning
new words is having this safety net and
this is the way I define 100 most
commonly used words in the English
language and if you know I have released
a video about those 100 words if you
know those 100 words you actually know
50% of all written English and those
words include I me her female government
and there are hundreds of those please
watch the video if you haven't watched
it yet and please write down all of
those words and they're gonna be really
useful for you because you're gonna feel
safer you're gonna feel more relaxed
when you have them because they just
help you formula speech rule number
seven sometimes worse that we know and
that might sound pretty easy can form
different expressions like for example
nuts nuts are things that we eat but you
can also say are you nuts
are you not this doesn't mean I use like
this thing that you can eat this means
have you gone crazy there are so many
expressions like that in English so
again when you're learning a new word
make sure you know everything that is
connected with it whether it has other
forms whether yes are the meanings or
maybe it is used in a completely
different way in a different expression
and that's a great example I feel blue
it doesn't mean that I feel like a blue
color it means I feel sad an expression
that you should learn is I'm all yours
which means I'm listening carefully well
then I am all ears
this is how we go to the next method
when you really like a phrase or a word
or anything try to use it straight away
for example if you're enjoying watching
this video if you think that things that
I say make sense you can comment below
marina I was all ears while I was
watching your video or just marina I'm
all ears
which means for me that you liked the
content which means that you were
listening attentively maybe writing
things down so you're ready in common
but you are actually practicing
and you're making your brain train with
this new word you making it memorize it
even more and my last advice
yes we've talked about a lot of words
that sound the same in many languages
but there are also false friends I was
really really embarrassed when I was
using eventually in German there's the
word sounds like event 2l and I thought
it has the same meaning as in English so
for example in English eventually means
in the end in German event 2l means
perhaps so it's just a completely
different meaning and there is the same
thing with the word actual so actual and
English means current and there is a
would act Oh al I'm sorry for my
pronunciation actually in Spanish and in
Spanish it means real not current be
aware of those false friends just
double-check and if you say but at least
when you're learning when you're in the
middle of a class make sure to double
check it never never hurts all right
these were the methods that would help
you accelerate in learning a language
that will help you learn hundreds and
thousands of new words a day please let
me know if you like this video I'm
looking for your comment I was all yours
for you know like it if you enjoyed the
content do not forget to subscribe to my
channel the button would be below I hope
to see you in the next videos bye
[Music]